[3970] Fix watcher count (#4043)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: CHANGELOG.md

## stream-chat-android-compose
### 🐞 Fixed

> - Fixed the display of online member count in the message list header. [#4043](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/4043)

Reviewer: Maybe we could be more descriptive here, possibly something like the following:

```suggestion
- Fixed the online member count indicator in the message list header. Previously it did not properly track members going offline. [#4043](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/4043)
```
